-Who is most believed to be the richest person to have ever lived?
@Mansa Musa was the emperor of Mali during the 14th century. On his pilgrimage to Mecca, he spent so much gold he caused extreme inflation in each city he traveled through.
Mansa Musa
Jeff Bezos
John Rockefeller
Nikolai Romanov
-What was the world's bloodiest civil war?
@The Taiping Rebellion was led by Hong Xiuquan, who believed himself to be the brother of Jesus Christ.
Taiping Rebellion
US Civil War
Xinhai Revolution
Bolshevik Revolution
-Which of the following existed first?
@Aztec was founded in 1428, barely beating Inca at 1438. Mughal wasn't until 1526 and Germany wasn't united as a single nation until 1871.
Aztec
Inca
Germany
Mughal
-The leaders of which countries in WWI were first cousins?
@Their grandmother was Queen Victoria. There are personal letters between the leaders where they negotiate and try to end the conflict. Tsar Nicholas even asked King George for sanctuary before he was killed in the Bolshevik Revolution.
Great Britain, Russia, Germany
Austria-Hungary, France, Russia
Austria-Hungary, Great Britain, France
Russia, Ottoman Empire, Germany
-Before he was known as Genghis Khan, what was the Supereme Khan of all mongols known as?
@Temujin translates to blacksmith. There are many theories to the origin of the name Genghis, but there is no way to know for sure which may be right.
Temujin
Hotula
Toghrul
Chagatai
-Which of the following Japanese military leaders was NOT one of the three great unifiers of Japan during Sengoku Jidai (warring states)?
@Although Nobunaga and Hideyoshi both were undoubtedly in control at one point or another, only Ieyasu Tokugawa achieved the title of Shogun, ushering in the Edo period.
Takeda Shingen
Oda Nobunaga
Ieyasu Tokugawa
Toyotomi Hideyoshi
-Which crusade occurred roughly at the same time as the First Crusade, destroyed Jewish communities along the Rhine, and then was soundly defeated in their first real battle in Turkey.
@The People's Crusade had constant infighting as the French and German/Italian leadership refused to work with each other.
People's Crusade
Venetian Crusade
Children's Crusade
Poor Crusade
-Which Prussian born General aided the US during the Revolutionary War and became known as one of the fathers of the Continental Army?
@Full name Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben. He was believed to be a homosexual. He became a US citizen in 1784 and died in 1794.
Baron von Steuben
Otto von Bismarck
Carl von Clausewitz
Paul von Hindenburg
-The Spanish-American War resulted in America gaining control of all the following territories except which?
@American control of part of Panama was a separate issue to the Spanish-American War. It resulted in the construction of the Panama Canal.
Panama
Guam
Cuba
Philippines
-Which empire existed from the 13th to the 16th centuries, controlling modern day Indonesia, Malaysia, and several other territories in the region?
@Majapahit was one of the last major Hindu empires of the region and is considered one of the greatest empires of Southeast Asia.
Majapahit
Pannai
Srivijaya
Brunei
-